[MUSIC PLAYING]
[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
Jerry Sargeant is with us, the
founder of Star Magic Healing,
and travels the
world helping people
heal physical, emotional,
and spiritual traumas.
Jerry, welcome to the program.
>>JERRY SARGEANT: Thank
you so much, George.
It's a pleasure to be here.
>>NOORY: How did
you get involved
in spiritual work the
way you're doing it?
>>SARGEANT: You know,
it's a long story,
and it's probably
fit for a movie.
But I'll give you the machine
gun version of my story.
>>NOORY: You got it.
>>SARGEANT: So I used to
have a very different life.
I used to smuggle drugs,
guns for a living.
I was involved in
lots of high-profile--
>>NOORY: Really?
>>SARGEANT: --bank frauds.
Yeah, absolutely.
Did it for many years.
And to be honest with
you, I enjoyed it.
[CHUCKLES] I didn't have
any plan on changing things.
And then one day, I was with
my ex-wife and children.
And we were traveling from
a place called Piatra Neamt
to Bucharest Airport in
Romania early one morning.
I was asleep in a taxi,
and my ex-wife and children
were in the back.
And I heard a loud crash.
There's wind, and there's glass.
I wake up.
The car's swaying
from side to side.
And I remember
thinking to myself,
boy, we're in a bad accident.
We're either going to
hit the oncoming traffic,
or the car's going to flip over.
But then, all of a
sudden, we came to a stop.
And there's no cars on the road.
The car didn't flip.
And I'm thinking,
this is really weird.
And there's a hole
in the windscreen,
and there's blood
dripping down my face.
But I'm not bleeding.
My daughter was underneath
the driver's seat.
I looked at the taxi driver.
He looked petrified.
And I'm thinking,
what's going on?
So I got out of the taxi.
I looked about 30
meters up the road,
and there's two ladies lying
on the side of the road.
>>NOORY: Oh, my God.
>>SARGEANT: I look about another
100 meters or so up the road,
and there's what looks
like a dead body.
And what had happened
is three ladies
were crossing the
road in the morning.
The first one got hit clean on.
She came through the windscreen.
>>NOORY: All together?
>>SARGEANT: Yeah.
>>NOORY: The three?
>>SARGEANT: The first lady
came through the windscreen,
smashed me in the face
whilst I was asleep,
got flipped over
the car and died.
Second one had her
ankles cut clean off,
and the third one
was physically OK.
So I've got out of the taxi,
checked on the missus and kids.
The two ladies on
the side of the road,
the one with her ankles
cut off, they're screaming.
A guy had come out
from a nearby factory.
He was on the phone.
So I thought, he must have
called the emergency services.
Like, what can I do?
So I was fixated on this
lump in the road, which
looked like a dead body.
And I got closer and
closer walking up to it,
got within about 10 meters.
And I saw this energy hovering
above the body, which I now
know was the lady's soul.
And up until this
point in my life,
I didn't believe in
spirit, the universe--
>>NOORY: None of that.
>>SARGEANT: --God.
>>SARGEANT: None of that stuff.
I thought it was
for crazy people.
So I'm getting closer
and closer to the body,
staring at this soul.
And then the energy just
fizzles off into the ether.
And by that time, I'm looking
down at the lady's body.
Her legs are wrapped
up over our heads,
and it was like someone had
taken an old car to the scrap
heap.
Like, whatever was
inside the body,
it had no longer any use for it.
It had just gone.
And I saw this separation
between life and death
and that something actually
is inside the body,
and I couldn't unsee this.
And so this started
my spiritual journey.
And then, from there, it
just, like, escalated.
I ended up meeting
a lady, who became
my first spiritual teacher.
She worked for Scotland Yard
in the Psychic Division,
solving crimes with
spiritual gifts.
She had a past life
regression business.
I went to see her a few
times a week for years,
and she taught me
how to remote view,
how to bring my light out
of my body and travel,
all different kinds of things.
She regressed me into
hundreds of past lives.
And so I had a teacher that
upgraded me really quickly.
>>NOORY: Well, you had
all the tools to do it.
>>SARGEANT: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: You just
needed to maximize them.
>>SARGEANT: Yeah, it
was really important.
At the same time, I was
doing my criminal things.
And we were stealing
loads of money from banks.
And what actually happened is
we were getting so much money,
we didn't know
what to do with it.
So I started giving it
to charities in Africa,
and we started building
schools and water pipelines.
>>NOORY: You were
getting that much money?
>>SARGEANT: It was
ridiculous amounts of money.
And then when the
letters were coming back
through the people
that helped me
put the money into the
charity saying, you did this,
and you did that, and
the emotional responses,
it started to touch
me at a deep level.
And so it started to change me.
Because up until this point,
I was really egotistical.
I didn't give a rat's
ass about anybody else.
I just wanted money
and material things.
>>NOORY: Take for yourself.
>>SARGEANT: Yeah, just,
I was all about me.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: How did you get
the money out of the banks?
>>SARGEANT: That's a long story.
So we used different solicitors.
We used mortgage fraud, yeah,
various different means.
>>NOORY: And the
banks fell for it?
>>SARGEANT: We were
good at what we did.
>>NOORY: You must have.
>>SARGEANT: We were
good at what we did.
Yeah.
So I'll tell you a little
bit more of the story,
and you'll see how that
kind of came full circle.
And it was a big part
of my spiritual journey
because we ended up moving
New Zealand back in 2009.
And I met a guy who
taught me how to meditate.
I'd never meditated
up until this point,
and he had a pyramid
in his garden.
And I used to go
around there every day.
We set up a health and fitness
center, a mixed martial arts
gym in New Zealand.
So we were helping
people through that.
And I used to go and see
this old guy every day,
sit in his pyramid.
And he taught me how to
meditate with my eyes open.
And I had loads of amazing
experiences, but one of them
was really important.
I was sat there, and
a little space pod--
it's the only way I can describe
it-- landed in the garden next
to me.
And there was a blue
being inside of it.
>>NOORY: Wow, like a craft?
Like a small craft?
>>SARGEANT: Yeah, craft.
Yeah.
So I brought my
light out of my body.
I went and got into this craft.
And the craft-- somehow,
it placed my consciousness
on the other side
of this portal.
And then they flew me
through the portal,
and my light and my
essence caught up.
And I was above a
beach, and I knew
that I was on Alpha Centauri.
It took about four
to five seconds
to get through this portal.
>>NOORY: How did you know that?
>>SARGEANT: I just knew.
Like, when we got
there, I got off the--
out of the craft,
walked up the beach.
There are about 200
of these blue beings.
I knew I was on Alpha Centauri.
I'd never heard of that.
I knew that these
beings were Lyran.
I knew about their, like--
the foods that they were eating.
They had these shades, like
sunglasses that they could just
materialize over their face and
disappear into their bodies.
I knew how long they
were pregnant for.
Just, things were just like--
I just knew them.
I don't know how I knew
them, but just-- information
was coming.
And these Lyran
beings-- they hugged me.
And I knew that I was home.
And when they hugged
me, this level of
love that I experienced--
it just melted me.
And it's a level of
love that is so hard
to come by here on this planet.
But they hugged me for a little
while, and then they let me go.
And they parted a pathway.
And one of them led me up
the beach through a jungle
to this building that
was made of light.
I went into the building,
and there was this really
ancient blue being.
And it was like--
it reminded me of me in like an
ancient chief from a native--
>>NOORY: And this
was not a dream.
>>SARGEANT: This
wasn't a dream, no.
It was as-- for me,
it seemed as real
as me sitting in this chair,
talking to you right now.
So this being asked me to
kneel down on the floor.
I kneeled down on the floor, and
this orange download of light
comes down into my crown full
of all of this fluid moving--
>>NOORY: Beams on you.
>>SARGEANT: --geometry.
And I was kind of paralyzed,
just downloading this geometry.
And then, after a
while, it stopped.
I don't know whether
it was a minute
or whether it was six hours.
I've got no
recollection of time.
But then two of these
beings picked me up
underneath my armpits
and frogmarched me back
to the space pod.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>SARGEANT: They
stuck me back inside.
We flew back through the tunnel.
I went back into my meditation,
into my body in the garden.
And then nothing
else happened, and I
was sat there then,
really wanting
the next piece of the puzzle.
And about two years went passed.
And then one day, I woke up.
And I knew that we had
to go back to England.
So after talking to the
missus and the kids, who
thought I was absolutely nuts
and crazy because we'd just
started the new life
in New Zealand--
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>SARGEANT: We ended up
going back to England.
And then I started
seeing fairies
and having these
interactions with angels
and different beings.
And this being came
down and said to me,
you need to write a book
called "Into the Light."
So I ran home.
I wrote this book.
And then, when I
published it, I started
seeing all the
geometrical code that
got downloaded in
the orange frequency
when I was on Alpha Centauri.
And I was saying to
my guides, what am I
supposed to do with this stuff?
They said, well, you
need to meditate more.
So I started getting up
every day with my son Josh.
We were going to these
ancient mystery schools
every single morning for
two hours for nine months.
>>NOORY: That's intense, Jerry.
>>SARGEANT: It was amazing.
And they were showing
us these scrolls.
And on the scrolls
were the same codes
that I was seeing in the empty
space, the same codes that
came in the orange downloads.
So all of this happens.
Now, the other thing
that happened--
when I moved back from
New Zealand, I got
arrested for conspiracy to
defraud the Bank of Scotland.
>>NOORY: They caught you.
>>SARGEANT: They
caught me, and also
holding a false travel document.
And I was looking at a
long, long prison sentence.
So I was on bail for two years,
going from the city of London
back to where I live.
They took my passport.
I wasn't allowed to travel.
So I said to the
universe, listen,
if you get me off
this court case,
I promise you I'm going
to do this healing stuff.
Because all the time, they'd
given me all this knowledge,
all this information.
But I kept resisting it.
All of my friends
were criminals,
so they looked at
me like I was crazy.
My family thought I was nuts.
So I kept kind of
resisting it, and I
was getting the temptation
through large amounts of money
to go back to my
criminal activities.
So to cut a long story
short, I went to court.
And I'm stood in this
bulletproof dock.
And the judge walks out, and
he's got his two accomplices.
They're both females.
The one to his
right and my left.
She had wings on her back.
I could see them.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>SARGEANT: She looked at me.
She smiled, and she winked.
And I was like, no
way, in my mind.
>>NOORY: Like, you
had an insider there.
>>SARGEANT: Yeah, I'm
going to get off this.
But my ego was still like,
no, no, no, no, no way.
But there was this kind
of feeling in my heart.
So the prosecution gave
their side of the story.
My solicitor gave my
side of the story.
And then the judge went
out and deliberated
with the two ladies.
They came back in,
like, 30 minutes later.
And he looked at me.
Well, she looked at me, and
she winked and smiled again.
And the judge turned
to me and said,
we can see you're a
changed man, Mr. Sargeant.
We're going to give you
a one-year conditional
discharge--
>>NOORY: Amazing.
>>SARGEANT: --and an
80 pounds court fee.
You're free to go.
And I was like, yes, that's
it, Star Magic Healing.
I've got no choice now.
Yeah.
So that was it.
What then happened is the
blue being that took me
in the spacecraft
came to see me again
and told me that I needed to
build these healing centers.
And I said, well, if I build
them, who's going to run them?
He said, you need
to train people.
So I ran home.
I designed this
training program.
I put it up online.
And this was 2017.
The class just filled
up straight away.
>>NOORY: Good for you.
>>SARGEANT: And
since then, we've
trained thousands of people
in more than 55 countries.
We're in the process of
creating our first healing
center in Transylvania at
the moment and in Romania.
And everything's
just-- just flowing,
and it feels like I'm just
following the breadcrumbs.
>>NOORY: Just keep following.
Well, people who
attend your events
have this profound
physical healing situation.
So let's watch these
healings, and Jerry describes
on tape what's going on.
>>SARGEANT: With the healings,
at the back of the neck,
you've got something
called God's Mouth.
And what we do is
we run frequency
in through God's Mouth.
It goes up into
the pineal gland.
>>NOORY: What's happening
to her right there, Jerry?
>>SARGEANT: She's having
a biological upgrade.
OK, once the frequency
hits the pineal gland,
it downloads energy, codes into
every single cell in the body.
And it wipes out
old programming.
And people start to cry.
They bend.
They twist.
They shake.
And their bodies just have
these crazy experiences.
And people just take
their hearing aids out.
People just get up from
wheelchairs and walk.
People's eyesights come back.
They start to manifest
beautiful relationships.
Mental, physical,
emotional, spiritual things
just take place.
It's very fast.
It's very effective, and it's
something we train people in.
Like, anyone can do this stuff.
People sometimes look at
me and think, oh, you've
got this special gift.
But actually, I
mean, look at me.
I've come from a life of crime
to be able to do in this.
Anyone can do it.
Their bodies are shaken,
and the old program--
>>NOORY: Is that energy
coming from you to them?
Is that why they're shaking?
>>SARGEANT: The energy
is not coming from me.
So if you look at-- like,
you're a physical being.
I'm a physical being.
This floor is physical.
But your physical being
is actually computer code.
This floor is computer code.
The pair of shoes on my
feet are computer code.
Trees are computer code.
And when you're able to tap
into the code that is operating
the physical vessel, whether
it's a tree or a human,
you can change the code in
the back end of someone's
biological computer.
So if someone has liver
cancer, for example that's
because they're
experiencing guilt.
Or they're experiencing
anger somewhere
in the quantum fields.
We're souls having
this human experience.
And right now, we're having
multiple experiences.
So we're able to find those
experiences, where the soul has
experienced guilt
or anger that's
creating the cancer in
the liver, for example.
And we can change the
code in the back end
of someone's computer.
Once we change the code in the
back end of someone's computer,
the frequency runs.
And it doesn't come from us.
It comes from the code
in the empty space.
>>NOORY: Does that
caused them to be spastic
and things like that?
>>SARGEANT: Well,
it's not like spastic.
Everybody knows what's going on.
They're not hypnotized.
They're fully aware
of their experience.
>>NOORY: Yeah, those people
were aware of what was going on?
>>SARGEANT: Fully aware
of their experience.
>>NOORY: Why was the guy crying?
>>SARGEANT: Because he's having
such a deep emotional release.
I mean, last week, not last
week, the week before, we
were in New York.
And it was the second
day of our group healing,
and we'd just done this
really powerful breath work.
And I just burst out crying
for about 40 minutes.
The love that I--
>>NOORY: You did?
>>SARGEANT: I did, yeah, the
love that I felt in my body
was unbelievable.
It was the love that I felt
when I went to Alpha Centauri
and hugged these Lyrans.
I was just so emotional,
so full of love.
And it was the most
beautiful experience.
And when people have
these biological upgrades,
sometimes they scream.
Sometimes, they cry.
Sometimes, they laugh.
The body is just
releasing what it
needs to release so the old
programming can dissolve,
and the new programming
can come in.
And then the physical symptoms
start to either disappear,
or new physical things manifest,
whether it's abundance,
whether it's beautiful
relationships,
business opportunities.
>>NOORY: Jerry,
what is Deraquay?
>>SARGEANT: Deraquay
is the blue being
that came to pick me
up in the spacecraft.
>>NOORY: That was his name?
>>SARGEANT: That's
his name, Deraquay.
For those of you that are
watching this that can see,
you'll see him here
to my right-hand side.
To my left-hand side is Deron.
Deron and Deraquay
are always with me.
Deron is actually me.
It's a Lyran version of me
that's always with me 24/7.
And Deraquay is always here.
They guide me all the time.
>>NOORY: Can you see them now?
>>SARGEANT: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: What do they look like?
>>SARGEANT: Well, Deraquay
is taller than Deron.
Deraquay is about
almost 7 foot tall.
>>NOORY: 7 foot?
>>SARGEANT: About 7 foot, yeah.
Deron's smaller.
He's about just under
6 and 1/2 foot tall.
They're both blue.
They're androgynous beings.
They've got no sexual organs.
They don't really wear
any kind of clothes.
It looks like they're
naked, but they
have this powerful
energetic template
around their body, which is a
diamondy, platinumy, crystal
white color.
>>NOORY: Why are they
with you so often?
>>SARGEANT: They've been with
me since 2012, all the time,
just looking after me,
guiding me, advising me.
I always ask them
questions about everything
that I'm doing.
>>NOORY: Do they help you?
>>SARGEANT: All the time.
>>NOORY: So what
is the significance
of the orange and blue dots?
And what are they to you?
>>SARGEANT: So the
orange and blue dots
were what Deraquay showed
me when he told me that I
had to build healing centers.
I always sat meditating on a
hill, looking out over the town
that I live on.
And the whole town
just disappeared.
And I saw the Christ
consciousness grid
of the planet, this
huge icosahedron,
which is like a
20-sided shape made out
of equilateral triangles.
And around this grid structure
were these orange and blue
dots.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>SARGEANT: And these
orange and blue dots
were the healing centers.
They were showing
me where I needed
to build them, et cetera.
>>NOORY: Speaking
of healing centers,
let's take a look at them.
And then describe for us, Jerry,
what we're looking at here.
>>SARGEANT: So this
is the healing center
that we're going to be
building in Transylvania,
a place called
Harghita in Romania.
>>NOORY: It's beautiful.
>>SARGEANT: It's on 15 acres.
It's going to have
accommodation for a hundred
people plus another 13 houses.
There's restaurants, horse
healing, healing chambers.
There's going to be gym
facilities, everything
that you need to go and
submerge in the forest.
That's a restaurant built
out of sacred geometry.
>>NOORY: They're
like little cities.
>>SARGEANT: Yeah, I
mean, the architects
that were working
with-- they actually
downloaded these buildings.
And they're
actually-- the reason
that it was so amazing for
me, because the frequency
in these buildings is the
same frequency that we use
in our Healing in Star Magic.
And that little white sphere?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>SARGEANT: That's an
extraterrestrial meeting hub.
It's going to carry the right
frequency for extraterrestrials
to be here on Earth
and for us to actually
have meetings with them.
>>NOORY: Now, what
happens for the people who
come to these centers?
>>SARGEANT: So people are
going to come to these centers.
They can partake
in our trainings.
We do five and
seven-day trainings.
We've got three
levels of training.
>>NOORY: They can stay there?
>>SARGEANT: Yeah,
they can stay there.
They can do the trainings.
They can do plant medicine,
ayahuasca, psilocybin.
They can just come
for horse healing.
They can come for one-on-one
individual healing.
You name it.
People can come
and do workshops.
We've got so many different
workshops that we run.
>>NOORY: How many centers do you
have now, and what's the plan?
>>SARGEANT: So the
plan is to build 13.
This is going to be
the first one we just--
>>NOORY: All over the planet?
>>SARGEANT: All over
the planet, yeah.
We've been buying up the land.
And this first one in
Transylvania, Romania,
is going to be the
first flagship.
>>NOORY: That's the
home of Dracula.
>>SARGEANT: The home of Dracula.
It's literally maybe 10 or 15
miles from Dracula's castle,
which is pretty cool.
>>NOORY: That is cool.
>>SARGEANT: Yeah.
We're in the process of getting
the last bit of planning
permission at the moment.
And as soon as that goes
through, we'll break ground.
And we'll start building.
>>NOORY: How many
people can these centers
hold at any one time?
>>SARGEANT: So it will be
accommodation for a hundred
people, this first one.
Yeah, the land
that we've built--
that we've bought in Madeira,
which is the next one--
it's an island,
part of Portugal.
That's going to have
accommodation for a lot more.
The one that we've got the
land that we've bought in Wales
is going to be smaller.
They're all going
to be different.
It just depends.
Yeah, we're--
>>NOORY: Are you going to
have different people run
these for you?
>>SARGEANT: Absolutely.
We've trained thousands of
people in preparation for this.
>>NOORY: And what's
the goal, Jerry?
What's the goal for the people
who attend these events?
>>SARGEANT: So the goal for
us is to expand consciousness
on planet Earth, to
raise the frequency,
to help humanity remember who
they truly are, that they're
these powerful, divine,
sovereign beings
that are Galactic in nature
here in these human bodies.
And ultimately, we're
connected by love.
And when people come to our
group healings or our workshops
or our trainings, we
are empowering them
to the nth degree.
They leave our trainings and
our workshops physically,
emotionally, mentally healed.
And they step into
their power, and they
can walk out into this reality
field like lions and lionesses.
>>NOORY: What kind of
conditions do you heal, Jerry?
>>SARGEANT: Well, I
mean, we've had people--
last week, in our
Calgary workshop,
we had a lady that had
not walked for 10 years.
She got up out of
her wheelchair,
and she walked on the first
day of the group healing.
>>NOORY: That's amazing.
>>SARGEANT: The second
day of the group healing,
she walked from the car
100 meters into the hotel,
up the lift, all the
way down the corridor.
>>NOORY: What are they saying?
Are they in shock?
>>SARGEANT: Well, I mean,
all these video testimonials
are on our website, on
starmagichealing.com
for people to go and look at.
People are just crying.
They're happy.
The emotional response is
different for different people.
For me, this is why we get
up every morning and do it.
We've had people take
their hearing aids out.
We've had all sorts
of-- you name it,
brain tumors that have
been in people's heads.
Then doctors said, you'll
be dead in eight weeks.
And they're still alive and
breathing four years later
with no brain tumor.
I mean, how is this possible?
>>NOORY: And the tumor probably
shrinks to nothing, right?
>>SARGEANT: Well, it
shrinks and disappears.
And it's not there at all.
And we've got-- we've got
doctor's scans to prove this.
>>NOORY: But who's doing it?
Are you doing it to them, or
are they doing it to themselves?
>>SARGEANT: So one
thing I want to say,
this is what I share with
everybody on our trainings.
I've never healed
anyone in my life.
But what I do is
create an environment
so they can self-heal.
Anyone that says
they're a healer
and that they can heal you is
full of absolute you know what.
But what you can do with
the right frequency,
under the right
conditions, if you
play with the code in
the back end of someone's
biological computer correctly--
>>NOORY: Tap into it.
>>SARGEANT: Their
body can self-heal.
So what we do is
create an environment
so these human
beings can self-heal.
It's all mathematics.
It's all geometrical code.
And you've got a lot of
healing modalities, like Reiki
and quantum healing,
and bioenergy healing.
They're old-school.
Star Magic is the new school.
We're showing fast, rapid,
effective healing that lasts,
and it's all done by acting
like a computer programmer.
>>NOORY: The feedback
you get from these events
must be astounding.
>>SARGEANT: Amazing.
Absolutely phenomenal.
It's why we get up every
morning and go again.
For me, when I wake
up in the morning,
I'm like a rocket ship
waiting to leave a NASA Space
Station for the moon because
I'm so pumped and excited
about life.
>>NOORY: Some of
your clients have
talked about how
you and Star Magic
have helped them change
their life and heal.
>>AUDIENCE: I came with a
36-degree curve in my spine
that I've had since I was
about 13, so that's 25 years.
That curve has
caused intense pain.
I've had multiple hip surgeries
because my entire body has
been out of balance.
And I don't know if
it's just the physical
or if it's the metaphysical, but
both healings that took place
were so profound.
Now it is completely straight.
I can actually breathe
[BREATHES IN DEEPLY] and fill
my lungs so full
with air that it's--
I mean, parts of my lungs
that never filled with air
are getting oxygen.
>>AUDIENCE: Look what
happened yesterday.
I walked.
I got up.
I've been not able
to walk properly
for about 10 or 12 years and
not be able to ever get off
the ground for 20 years.
>>AUDIENCE: And when
I came, I was wearing
a hearing aid for my hearing.
But after I've gone
through the training,
I don't need a
hearing aid anymore.
>>AUDIENCE: I came to
Jerry's group healing session
yesterday.
First thing I experienced
during the workshop
and before it even ended,
my eyesight improved.
I normally have blurry vision.
And sometimes, I couldn't
see items or people
who are very far.
But yesterday, I could sharply
see the smallest detail
at the furthest distance.
>>AUDIENCE: I have
taken sleeping
medication for eight-plus
years consistently.
And after the group healing,
I had the best night's sleep.
>>AUDIENCE: The right
half of my face--
it was really tense, so the
muscles were really tense.
And it did hurt me so much.
I've experienced quite
intense headaches.
And Jerry actually did fix it.
He healed it somehow [CHUCKLES]
literally in 20 seconds,
which was absolutely
unbelievable.
>>AUDIENCE: Hello.
My name is Ella.
I didn't walk for five
years without help.
I can't even describe it.
I was shaking all the time
because I didn't expect that.
And all of a sudden, when
I start walking again,
a very exciting experience.
>>NOORY: Jerry, what does
mainstream medicine say
after the fact?
>>SARGEANT: Well,
it's interesting.
I mean, back in 2018, I was
arrested for healing people
with cancer.
I had to go through
another court case.
>>NOORY: They don't
leave you alone.
>>SARGEANT: They don't
leave me alone, brother.
>>NOORY: Huh!
>>SARGEANT: Yeah.
But it was interesting.
I hired a private detective to
find out who funded the case,
and it was a cancer charity
that funded the case.
And when I went to court,
my kids-- they came with me.
I was in New York at the time.
I was in New York.
I was at the Conscious
Life Expo speaking.
I flew back to
London, landed at 5:00
in the morning with
my two children,
and went straight to court.
And my kids had to wait outside
because they were under 16.
Anyway, I went in
and the judge--
I had over a
hundred testimonials
of people that
had written that--
>>NOORY: That had been
influenced and changed.
>>SARGEANT: Yeah,
healed through my work.
And the judge looked
at me, and she
said, there's nothing more
than I'd love, Mr. Sargeant,
to lock you up and
throw away the key.
But my hands are tied.
So because you've got
two children, I can't.
I'm going to let you go, but I'm
going to fine you 6,000 pounds.
So they fined me 6,000 pounds.
They didn't lock me up
because of the children.
I had to look after them.
But yeah, they don't like
this stuff that we're doing.
But I saw it as a positive.
I thought, if they're
coming after me for this,
I must be doing something right.
So this inspired me to do more,
just to get out there and help
more people.
>>NOORY: I mean, clearly that
woman's spine straightened out.
>>SARGEANT: We've had
so many of those spines.
I mean, to have
someone with a-- like,
we've had people
with kyphoscoliosis,
which is a twisted
spine and a bent spine.
And they straighten back up
in 20 minutes, 15 minutes,
30 minutes.
>>NOORY: What are you
feeling when you're there
with the individual, anything?
>>SARGEANT: I just
feel so plugged in.
One thing that the Lyrans
have taught me is to stay
plugged into to the
electrical energy of the stars
and the magnetic
frequency of the Earth.
So I'm running those frequencies
through my body all the time.
And when you're plugged
in and you're in the zone,
everything is just
so fluid and natural.
And I just know everything
that's happening in the space.
If someone's got a
problem, I'm there.
And I know where to
touch on their body.
I know which piece
of code to rearrange.
And it's like you're
plugged into the universe.
It's like you're
part of the universe.
You're part of the mathematics.
>>NOORY: Of 10
people who may attend
one of these sessions, 10
people, how many walk away
feeling better?
>>SARGEANT: Most of them.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>SARGEANT: Yeah,
pretty much all of them.
Everyone's going to have
an amazing experience come
into our group healing sessions.
They're amazing.
The frequency is so high.
When you walk in through
the door and you do the work
and you walk out, you're
never going to be the same.
I say to everybody that comes
into our healing session,
are you prepared to die?
Because we take
them so far, so deep
into a whole different
frequency band
that everything rearranges.
And when they come out the
other side, they're transformed.
>>NOORY: Is that why
they're so emotional?
>>SARGEANT: Partly, yes,
because of the release.
The release--
>>NOORY: They've been sick
for probably half their life.
And now, all of a
sudden, they're better.
>>SARGEANT: Yeah, just imagine.
The last lady, Ella--
this was in Miami, like,
three or four weeks ago.
She had multiple sclerosis.
And the doctors had
said to her, you're
never going to walk again.
It's a downhill slide.
From now on, everything's
going to deteriorate.
And then, the second day
of the group healing,
she stands up from
her wheelchair.
She actually walked 40
meters to the toilet--
>>NOORY: Unheard of.
>>SARGEANT: --took
her knickers down
and her trousers, went to the
toilet, pulled them back up,
and walked back in
again, all on her own.
>>NOORY: Was she in shock?
>>SARGEANT: She was just elated.
She was absolutely elated.
She was smiling from
ear to ear, one side
of the universe to the other.
>>NOORY: Once they
leave the sessions,
are they permanently fixed?
Or do they have to
tune themselves up?
>>SARGEANT: Well, I
always say to everybody,
this is a lifestyle.
You have to live the lifestyle.
So if you want to remain
a high vibrational being,
you've got to keep
doing the work.
So keep doing your meditation.
Keep doing your exercise, your
intermittent fasting, cold--
>>NOORY: Stay tuned up.
>>SARGEANT: --showers.
There's a whole recipe to
staying on a high frequency.
And through the
Star Magic Tribe,
we share this with everybody.
>>NOORY: Jerry, you
mentioned that you
have a lot of employees
that you work at and train.
How do you train them?
>>SARGEANT: Well,
we've got employees.
There's about 35
people in the team
that kind of work in making
this whole spaceship fly.
But we've trained
thousands of people
to be Facilitators, so
they're two different things.
But the Facilitators-- we have
a five-day Level 1 training.
We've got one coming up in
Sedona soon, where they come.
And they learn
everything they need
to heal another human
being, to heal themselves,
and to heal groups of people.
Then we've got Level 2 training,
which is about light body work.
It's about planetary grid work.
It's about the stargates and the
multidimensional architecture
around everybody's
physical body.
And then Level 3 training is
how to take groups of people
on Galactic journeys
through portals and vortexes
safely and bring them back home.
>>NOORY: Who is
helping the individual?
Are they doing it themselves, or
are they tapping into something
out there?
>>SARGEANT: So we teach them
how to play with the code.
But actually, the word
"teach" is the wrong word.
What we do is we
help them remember
how to play with the code.
Because what I say to everybody,
I can't teach you anything.
Because everybody
knows everything.
They've just simply
forgotten it.
So what we're doing is
help, helping human beings
wake up those innate abilities
that are inside their DNA code.
And all of the information
rises to the surface,
and they remember
this information.
>>NOORY: So you're helping the
individual to heal themselves.
>>SARGEANT: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: But do they
have to believe in this?
>>SARGEANT: I say to everybody
to believe in nothing.
Believing is dangerous.
Belief systems are based
on thought processes.
They don't exist.
If you look at a thought and
you trace that thought back
to its origin, it comes
from another thought
and then another thought.
But ultimately, it comes back to
time, distance, or measurement.
Time, distance, and measurement
in the quantum field
don't exist.
Therefore, all belief
systems are a load of BS.
So what we do is
we show people how
to remember that
internal knowing
so they know themselves.
Knowing trumps believing
every single time.
So we help people know who
they are, which is powerful,
supersonic superhumans, Galactic
titans here on this Earth plane
to recode humanity and wake up
their angelic superhuman DNA
template.
>>NOORY: What is our existence
on good-old planet Earth?
What are we here for?
>>SARGEANT: We're here for
many different reasons.
It depends which
perspective you look at.
I mean, ultimately, we're
guardians of the stargates.
There's 12 primary
stargates on planet Earth.
You've got 12
secondary stargates,
and there's other
stargates, too.
And what we do as a humanity
is we control the stargates.
We've got crystal keys and
codes in our energetic template,
which enables the
stargates to stay open
and for us to travel backwards
and forwards through them.
>>NOORY: Explain these codes
that you talk about, Jerry.
What are they?
>>SARGEANT: So these codes--
they're mathematical equations.
So if you want to travel
through a stargate,
then you have to be--
>>NOORY: Tuned in.
>>SARGEANT: Tuned in to that
stargate through the inner keys
and codes.
>>NOORY: Is it like a frequency?
>>SARGEANT: They're
like a frequency.
They're geometry.
They're geometrical patterns,
and they have to all align
to be able to travel
backwards and forwards.
It's the same thing when
we're doing our healing.
The mathematical code in
someone's physical body,
or the back end of
their physical body,
their biological computer
has to be in alignment.
Otherwise, they're going to
suffer from cancer or eyesight
issues or fibromyalgia
or trigeminal neuralgia.
But you change the
coding in the fabric--
everything just heals.
>>NOORY: Can you
change your DNA?
>>SARGEANT: Absolutely.
Most people are operating at
a very limited DNA blueprint.
Like, originally, if you go
back 560-plus million years ago,
we were angelic humanoids
with six digits on each hand.
We were living on
a planet called
Tara in the Andromeda Galaxy.
Now we're living
on a planet called
Earth, very limited
beings with a two,
three, maybe four
strand template.
But we have the
capacity to go to 12.
And through frequency,
lights, vibration, codes,
we can activate more of our
superhuman potential, which
is encoded in our DNA, in
our original blueprint.
And it's inside every
single human being.
So whenever people are coming
into our healing sessions,
they come into our
trainings, they're
listening to our meditation
library on our website,
they're being activated
left, right, and center.
>>NOORY: Don't you feel
better about yourself
doing what you're doing now, as
opposed to what you used to do?
>>SARGEANT: Absolutely.
I love what I'm doing now.
I get to meet cool
people like you.
I get to travel the world.
And I get to see the
transformation in every--
in other people
every single day.
>>NOORY: Did you ever
think you'd be doing this?
>>SARGEANT: Never.
If you'd have told me,
going back 15 years ago,
that I'd be sat here
having a conversation
about this kind of stuff--
>>NOORY: On a
television program.
>>SARGEANT: --you're crazy.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>SARGEANT: I'd have thought,
where's the guy in the straight
jacket coming to--
where was the guy--
>>NOORY: How did you
change your life?
>>SARGEANT: It's not been easy.
Like, you know--
>>NOORY: Has been tempting
to go back to the old life?
>>SARGEANT: Every
single human being
has dark and light in them.
The Devil and God are inside
every single human being.
>>NOORY: On our shoulders.
>>SARGEANT: On our
shoulders, inside of us.
And what we have to do
is balance both of them.
People that are running
into the light--
they're never going
to be powerful.
People that are
playing in the darkness
are never going to be powerful.
If you really want
to be powerful,
you've got to get all of the
darkness and all of the light,
bring it into wholeness and
zero point it in your heart.
And that is where
the balance is.
The balance and the equilibrium
gives you your power.
And so for me, it's about
when the Devil is speaking,
reining that back in
and bringing it back
into the zero point.
And every now and again,
you sway and you yo-yo.
But you just make choices
to come back to the center.
Everybody's tempted.
>>NOORY: What
would you say today
to those who you may
have hurt in your life
and your career who are
watching you right now?
>>SARGEANT: I would
say, I love you.
We're sisters.
We're brothers.
We've all got innate
potential inside of us.
And take that step.
Be brave and journey
into your heart.
Your heart is your life compass.
It will always lead you in
the direction of your dreams,
but you've got to
be brave enough
to dive in because your
heart will lead you
on a crazy journey.
But if you follow it, and you're
brave enough to follow it,
and you overcome the challenges
along the way, I guarantee you,
you're just going
to step into a more
formidable, powerful, upgraded
superhuman version of yourself.
And life's going to be amazing.
Some people on this
planet are in a mess.
Some people on this planet
are in an amazing place.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>SARGEANT: There's different
frequency bands playing out,
and we get to choose.
>>NOORY: Has star?
Magic changed your life?
>>SARGEANT: Absolutely.
Absolutely, in ways
that I could just--
I'm just so grateful, George.
>>NOORY: Where would you like to
see Jerry in the next 10 years.
>>SARGEANT: I just want to
build out these healing centers.
The reason that I want to
build out these healing centers
is because, number
one, they're going
to be a place for
people to come and heal.
But the main reason
for me is the children.
There are so many incredible
children coming down
from the stars right now, and
they have amazing abilities.
But they haven't got
a safe playground.
They haven't got
a place where they
can express these abilities.
For example, in
the UK, if you get
children that express these
kind of abilities in school,
they get taken from school.
They get put into
these special programs.
They get demonized, sent
back to their parents,
a shadow of their former self.
We can take these children
into these healing centers,
and they can have a
beautiful playground
to express their
multidimensional faculties,
telekinesis,
teleportation, telepathy,
all of these abilities that are
inside every single one of us.
What I truly feel is
that in a few years,
the children are going to
be running this planet.
And we as adults are going to
be sitting in the classrooms
taking advice from the
children because they're
the ones that truly know.
They're the gifted ones
that are coming down
to help us remember--
>>NOORY: They're our future.
>>SARGEANT: --fully.
Absolutely.
>>NOORY: What do you say
to a child who seems lost?
>>SARGEANT: That depends
on how the child is lost.
I mean, before I
can see anything,
I'm just going to try
and connect with them.
I'm going to try and
connect with them
and allow them to feel my love.
And hopefully, by allowing
them to feel my love,
there can be some
level of trust.
And once we get to a
level where there's trust,
then hopefully I can guide
them in a certain direction.
And whether they're
a child or an adult,
I'm going to say the same
thing, that you're powerful.
Don't let anyone ever tell
you that you're strange
or you're weird or
that you're useless.
You know that you have innate
abilities inside of you.
You know that you
have the ability
to roam these earthly
planes, to blaze a new trail,
to carve your own path,
to play the game of life
by your own rules,
and to not bow down
to society's rules
and regulations.
You came here to have fun.
You came here to be playful.
You came here to enjoy
this human experience.
So get out there and enjoy it.
Be crazy.
Do what you want.
Let your light shine.
Don't let anyone
stamp on your sparkle.
>>NOORY: Jerry, when's
the last time you cried?
>>SARGEANT: About a
week ago in New York.
>>NOORY: What happened?
>>SARGEANT: Two weeks ago.
We were doing breath work on
the second day of our group
healing.
And then I put this music
track on afterwards,
and everyone was just there
with their hearts open.
And the level of the
love in the room--
my heart just went
[MIMICS EXPLOSION]..
And I just cried
like a little baby.
I don't know where
the tears came--
I was sobbing.
I was walking around,
working on people.
I was on my knees, just like--
I had so much love flowing out
of me, into me, through me,
it was indescribable, George.
I didn't want it to end.
I felt so full, so full of
love that I didn't need food.
I didn't need people.
I didn't need anything.
I could have lived off
this love for forever
and just being so content.
>>NOORY: Would the Jerry
Sargeant 10 years ago
have cried?
>>SARGEANT: No.
He bottled it all up.
He bottled it all up,
and he contained it all.
And he just put on a brave face,
and he was a false human being.
He was completely different
from the Jerry now.
>>NOORY: If you help just
one person, is it worth it?
>>SARGEANT: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
But I'm here to help
a lot more than one.
>>NOORY: God is
following you, isn't he?
Somebody's helping
you along the way.
>>SARGEANT: I truly know
that we're all gods.
We're all gods.
We're all goddesses.
God is a frequency.
God is love.
Love is God.
God is inside you.
God is inside me.
God is inside everything.
It's all energy.
And if we listen to our hearts
and just follow our life
compass, God's
infinite intelligence,
universal intelligence
source, whatever
label you decide
a stick on it, is
going to lead us in the
direction of our dreams.
It's going to unify humanity,
expand consciousness,
and create a much better
playground on this world for us
to be free and
sovereign and just
be the alchemists
and the witches
and the wizards and the
quantum architects that we are.
>>NOORY: Tell us about
the Star Magic website.
>>SARGEANT: So
Star Magic website
is starmagichealing.com.
When you go to the website,
you can access information
on infinity, which is
our monthly membership.
Inside that, you're going
to be able to experience
light language,
transmissions, cosmic yoga
videos, meditations, master
classes, weekly meditations.
There's a whole heap
of different tools.
You've got all of our
trainings, global meditations.
There's loads of free content.
Yeah, go and check it
out, and connect with us.
>>NOORY: Keep doing what
you're doing, Jerry.
>>SARGEANT: Thank
you so much, George.
It's been a pleasure, brother.
>>NOORY: Give me
a knuckle punch.
>>SARGEANT: Thank you.
>>NOORY: Feel that energy?
>>SARGEANT: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Me too.
Jerry, thanks for being
on "Beyond Belief."
>>SARGEANT: Thank you so
much for having me, George.
It was an absolute pleasure and
an honor to be here, brother.
>>NOORY: I don't want to say
what he does is pure magic.
But he helps so
many people, it's
almost as if the angels
have given him this power.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]